I AM NOT RESPOSIBLE FOR ANY PROPRETY DAMAGE DONE TO UR DEVICE OR ACCOUNT BY GETTING THE APPLACTAION YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS AND USE



---------TERMS OF USE---------
Legal Agreement. By using or visiting any of our websites, any of our products, software, applications, content, test environments, data feeds, forums, the Platform and the Service, our RDC (Roblox Developer Conference) event or any other event that we hold and you attend, you signify your agreement to these Terms and the following, all of which are incorporated by reference and shall be included within the definition of Terms: (a) the Developer Exchange ("DevEx") Terms of Use, (b) the Roblox Community Rules, and (c) Roblox Name And Logo - Community Usage Guidelines. If you do not agree to all these policies, rules and the Terms, you may not use the Service. In order to agree to these Terms, you need to (1) be 18 or older, or have your parent or guardian’s consent to agree to the Terms, and (2) have the power to enter a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws.
Changes to Terms. We reserve the right to update or modify the Terms at any time without prior notice, and such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted through the Service; however, material changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of (i) your first use of the Service with actual notice of such change, or (ii) 30 days from the posting of such change. Your use of the Service following any such change constitutes your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms. These Terms will identify the date of last update. Disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of the Terms in place at the time the Dispute arose. "Disputes" means any dispute, action, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal or equitable basis, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. We encourage you to review these Terms frequently to stay informed of the latest modifications.
Additional Policies. Your use of the Service is subject to all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the Service or certain features of the Service that we may post on or link to the Service, and all such additional documents are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.
The Service
Use. Some of the things you can do through the Service are listed directly below. (What you can actually do in the list below will depend on your age, the type of account you sign up to, whether you create UGC and allow the use by others of that UGC, and other factors.) These Terms apply to all users of the Service no matter what you do. "UGC" means the following that you control, have the ability to license, have ownership of, will Provide (as defined below), or have Provided: (a) Content Services (as defined below) and (b) any modifications, changes, or derivative works by you or that you otherwise own or control of any of those types of data or works that are on, in, or used with the Service. "Provide" or "Publish" means to create, modify, or generate through the Service, or upload, post, publish, or otherwise provide to, for, or through us, someone, or something on behalf of us or the Service. "Content Services" means all types of content, including games (and all characters, assets, names and other items in the games), avatars and other characters, digital clothing and other digital assets for avatars and other characters, models (2D, 3D or otherwise), artwork, reviews, text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, images, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, names, usernames, logos, Dev Services (as defined below), and other materials, works, items or content (standalone or in combination).
Create/Develop/Modify/Contribute. Create, develop, modify and contribute Content Services, which may be available to some or all of the users of the Service. You may have heard people describe Roblox as the place where "games and experiences are created by the players for the players." We are known for that because the Service is a social platform, which hosts games and other content created by users to be played and used by other users. The Service includes tools and interfaces that users can use to create, play, interact and socialize. Users who create Dev Services (as defined below) and Publish the Dev Services, we call "Devs". Other users on the Service can interact, use and in some cases acquire the Dev Services. "Dev Services" mean the following Content Services created by Devs: (a) games/experiences ("Dev Game Services"), (b) anything that is made available (through the Service) for consideration to other users in and for Dev Game Services, such as game passes or digital content, items or abilities for use in or for Dev Game Services ("Dev Game Item Services"), and (c) digital items for avatars ("Dev Avatar Item Services"). Keep in mind that Devs are users like you. So, we welcome you to become a Dev. Also keep in mind that whether you are a Dev or other type of user, you are governed by these Terms. Also, we reserve the right, but shall have no obligation, to pre-screen, refuse to accept, post, display or transmit your Content Services through the Service in whole or in part at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice and with no liability.
Play/Interact. Play, interact, see, view and use (and in certain cases, manipulate and change) certain portions of the UGC on the Platform.
Imagine/Socialize. Imagine, socialize, chat, play, create, interact and relate with others in many ways.
Participate in the Developer Exchange. We, in our sole discretion, may allow eligible users of the Service to participate in the Developer Exchange ("DevEx") (which we explain below).
Changes or Discontinuance of the Service. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Service) without notice to you. We will have no liability whatsoever on account of any change to the Service.
Third-Party Services. We may provide tools through the Service that enable you to export information to third-party services, including through features that allow you to link your account with an account on a third-party service, such as Twitter or Facebook, or through our implementation of third-party buttons (such as "like" or "share" buttons). Third-party services are not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third-party service’s use of your exported information. The Service may also contain links to third-party websites. Linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their content. If you click on a linked website, we are not responsible for such website’s use of your data like having your roblox accounts details. You agree that your use of the Service may incur third-party fees, such as fees charged by your carrier for data usage, and may be subject to third-party terms, such as your carrier’s terms of service, and you agree to pay all such fees and abide by all such terms. By using the Service, you expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or third-party services.
Accounts
Your Account. To access some of the Service features on the Platform, you will need to create an account ("Account"). When you register for an Account or update the information, you agree to provide us an accurate age and information that you will keep up-to-date at all times (providing inaccurate information is a violation of these Terms). You may never allow anyone else to use your Account (except your parents or legal guardian). If you have reason to believe that your Account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us at https://www.roblox.com/support. If anyone asks for your password or personal information (such as your name, address or phone number), please use the Report Abuse feature to immediately report the user and situation. You agree that we may take steps to verify the accuracy of information you provide, including contact information for a parent or guardian.
Suspension/Termination. If you violate any provision of these Terms, your permission to use the Service will terminate automatically. In addition, we may, in our sole discretion, (a) suspend or terminate your Account and/or your access to the Service, or (b) remove any of your Content Services, at any time, without notice for any reason. We will have no liability whatsoever as a result of any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service. If you are under 18, your parent/guardian may request the termination of your Account by contacting customer service at https://www.roblox.com/support.
